welcome to Skyrim's mod of the day
episode 71 and first up is jet head
armors now this is a work in progress
and at the moment it adds one set of
foul Mihama and it is a female only set
and it adds a Chris helmet now as for
the helmets
there's no be stress compatible eeeh
garlics Greaves and the self wings and
you have to admit this looks pretty
amazing it was very very sick and I love
it like a twig for a male version myself
I mean just for the gloves and the
boosts it will suit me just fine anyway
this can be crafted at the forge under
Alvin I believe and can be improved and
even enchanted so this is really good
and male and beast helmet versions are
currently in the works so we'll have to
wait long for that
next up is the Nepalese kukri now this
is a very well designed
machete saw weapon and in real life is
used by residents of Nepal and made
famous by the Gurkha anyway before you
can do anything you'll have to come to
war maidens in white room
you'll and purchase a nerve called notes
on crafting a kukri and is quite
expensive three thousand septums now
that is to stop new players buying it so
early on so let's buy this and let's
craft this thing now let's take a real
close look at the kukri and for those
that are wondering it requires one iron
in got two steel ingots a haka tusks and
free lemma strips to craft and requires
elven sniffing if I am correct and it's
very accurate to the real-life kukris
and like I said very well designed and a
highl all of it to be honest with you
now let's see this in action we need to
see it in action
now I'm outside I've got two of them
equipped because two of them looks
awesome and knowing my look as soon as I
come outside I get a crazy-ass
challenger thinking he can take me on so
let's put these to some good use
and the bull textures seem to work fine
which is a bonus there's nothing worse
than getting a weapon with blood
textures don't work and there we go a
nice gruesome execution and these look
Baldy as old and they look awesome
Lulu Colson and of course he's still a
great weapon single hand
it still looks extremely good as his
shield but a still performs just as well
I mean I love dual wielding especially
small weapons like this when you
real-life this is possible to decapitate
people quite fast so there's no one who
can kill hind skirt just like that I
mean hamster is a weaker is a weak acid
for fucker we all know that we all know
it
must have scared off
and the last up to there is the vampire
home to score which is in early alpha
stages now there's not much to say about
this right now I mean I think it's got
great promise the only problem I can see
it so far is the textures need improving
but this is an alpha so that's what you
should expect but my main problem is the
court tales it kind of flares too much
at the bomb so in my opinion and he's
drawing in a bit not too much just
drawing in a bit and then maybe add some
more animations to clough at the bottom
and it will be perfect and that's my
take on it anyway that's me for today
please like comment subscribe
check the box below for download links
and check back every day for more videos
thanks for watching